hello and welcome to my first
impressions with you brought to you by
and I'm gonna play to take a look your
free play game called duty of Sentinel
this is a bit of a tactics game with the
world of warcraft feel to it in fact
this starter map feels so cynical to a
maybe warcraft 3 game i think it feels
like warcraft tori to me at least even
the character looks a bit like Arthas
almost going through and doing a quest
getting old there's a lot of chatting in
the early game just a lot let's go ahead
and look at the combat because early on
pretty much older is there's a little
questing and then you leave the area and
you go out and do some combat there is
an energy bar can only do so many
actions before we run out of energy
similar to a maquette accused by a lot
of mobile games so you can go up quest
for a while after your energies on then
blowing it done for a bit and we're also
gonna unlock different maps that time
right now just the first map loading to
hear you get into combat you can set
your different you're different setups
and you can see when they started there
were numbers that indicates who goes
first there isn't obviously going to be
nine different positions and you don't
need to eat them all but I could have
moved to one to go first there are
advantages disadvantages to being
different spots obviously the guys
towards the front are going to go
earlier the guys for the back would be
protected look Eve enough guys
when you finish a combat you have a
chance to unlock characters in this case
I got Robin bear food now there's that
party I can go ahead and actually hit
back to town but I'm gonna be an
inpatient gamer just go ahead and battle
at this point Robin berries in my party
I can go and grab him and drop him in
front of me and I can see he is
protecting me ooh good thing too because
I would have hurt there are different
skills and different cooldowns you don't
control the combat you just control the
positioning of the combat but that's how
the guy actually killed me was just hit
me hard when I got there he use an
ability this is the third mission a lot
of these games you can go ahead and just
keep on plowing through them this game
not so much this mission I actually will
suck on it for like half an hour he's
all my energy trying to gain experience
and skill ups and you are gig gain
experience in an extra ally to help me
out nothing doing it's only twenty
percent chance in the second zone of
unlocking another guy I had no luck
maybe we go back to the quest I request
something two seconds out anyway and we
can go and look at the possibility of
getting another guy this engine doesn't
want to help me out there he's an
auctioneer but he wasn't letting you buy
anything so this is the second match
again you can reply them again the do
tick energy you'll have just so many
energy and they refresh at a consistent
right similar to a lot of mobile games
and since I had higher in ishtam I got
replaced up higher that's why I went
before that guy
we concluded it when gets mixed B and C
its warning percent chance to get the
card and no dice and you can just keep
on playing to get the card and keep
getting eaten by Bouldin experiences as
you can level up high enough to be able
to kill that third match I wasn't able
to figure out to anything to do I use up
all of my energy there is an inventory
screen here and character screen you can
see also I can move my guys out of the
combat but I have no extra items equip
right now I have no extra heroes to
place so there's nothing I can do other
than just kind of farm a lot of these
games are really easy this one at least
this mission does not seem to be easy
maybe it's a positioning thing and one
point you can see the guy talking about
Holly's changing is positioned to avoid
Robin bear and have experiments with
different move my guys in different
spots and sometimes it's better or worse
this time I got everyone a half life
sometimes I was able to kill the first
guy and not the second guy in the end
the result was always the same so a bit
of learning the game and figuring out
how to position your characters and
maybe just unlocking that extra
character at the second stage with the
game check it out it's available for
free like the contents of channel 4 ml
play thanks for watching again use the
loo screen